Add hints to use macro packages for new users (#3238)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/index.md

other great libraries for certain use-cases -- but it provides great data
wrangling functionality through a familiar interface.

To understand the toolchain in more detail, have a look at the tutorials in this manual.
New users can start with the [First Steps with DataFrames.jl](@ref) section.

> If you do not have a significant programming experience you might find 
> [DataFramesMeta.jl](https://juliadata.github.io/DataFramesMeta.jl/stable/) package
> or one of the other convenience packages discussed in
> [Data manipulation frameworks](@ref) section of this manual
> helpful when writing more advanced data transformations. These packages provide
> convenience syntax similar to [dplyr](https://dplyr.tidyverse.org/) in R.

Reviewer: Maybe mention programming experience at the end, as these macros are convenient even if you're an experienced programmer?
```suggestion
You may find the [DataFramesMeta.jl](https://juliadata.github.io/DataFramesMeta.jl/stable/)
package or one of the other convenience packages discussed in
the [Data manipulation frameworks](@ref) section of this manual
helpful when writing more advanced data transformations,
especially if you do not have a significant programming experience.
These packages provide convenience syntax similar to [dplyr](https://dplyr.tidyverse.org/) in R.
```
